Shouldn't it be busy recently?
Haven't you always wanted to know about Leslie?
How long have I been trying to keep him away?
But he still fell into a coma
Oh, it's a tough situation over there now.
Do you want to save him?
What do you mean?
Break up with your little boyfriend
Stay With Me
I help your father
Ah, what does that mean?
Didn't I get a female script?
This kind of bloody gun has a lot of tricks
Why did it appear to me?
OK
But if Leslie is finished this time
Can my mission still be accomplished?
Until I was young
Are you some kind of pervert?
I won't touch you until I'm 20
That's after the age of 20
Shameless
Think about it without me
He will be dead within a month
OK, deal.
I can only temporarily apologize to you, boss night.
brother
Is something wrong?
Let's break up.
Why is that?
Did I do something wrong?
If so, at least tell me. No
It's not your problem.
I just feel like
We are not suitable
It doesn't fit.
Didn't we have to be fine before?
Drenched